Support RectilinearGrid files (#16)
trixi-framework/ReadVTK.jl: README.md

[`ReadVTK_examples` repository](https://github.com/trixi-framework/ReadVTK_examples).

### What works
* Reading in VTK XML files of type `UnstructuredGrid`, `RectilinearGrid`,`ImageData`, or `PolyData`
* Extracting cell or point data
* Extracting point coordinates
* Extracting information about cell types
* Only for `ImageData` files: get origin, spacing, and extent information
* Only for `RectilinearGrid` files: get 1D coordinate vectors 
* Reading `PolyData` files containing vortices, lines, and/or polygons

### What does not work
* Reading VTK files not stored in the VTK XML format

> * Reading VTK files of other type than `UnstructuredGrid`, `ImageData`, `RectilinearGrid` or `PolyData`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Reading VTK files of other type than what is listed under *What works* above
```
I think this point was ok while there were one or two supported file formats; thanks to your contribution we finally have too many to list again here :-)
